Code a server management bot primarily in javascript, you may use python where required and a complete documentation the will be deployed on github pages in html css and js too and make it look as pleasingly aesthetic as you can, I personally prefer dark colors. I will be hosting the bot on bot-hosting.net
Also give me a list of all the extensions I might need in vs code to work with this and I don’t have python installed either for now
For the bot make one main file that runs everything and separate files for each command so that when I want to edit it I can work on it myelf, don’t give me just one ready file because that messes up things, other than that I need a readme.md file too, u may add a database option if needed to store birthdays and other stuff
The following features are required in the bot:
	1. Counting: reacts tick and cross, gives 2 chances if done wrong and on third reset counts, if someone deletes a number after sending bot sends it too
	2. A ticket system, to create tickets giving options to add people, claim ticket and close ticket and all the others as well and other options as you seem fit and a log system
	3. A help command ofcourse
	4. Only prefixxed commands only slash command for help
	5. Rank system on based on chats reaction and stuff and also being able to check ranks with leaderboards
	6. Allowing to put sticked messages 
	7. Also sending messages in embed form like rules and stuff (admin only)
	8. A message logger 
	9. Custom role commands available for server boosters only untill they boost with color, icon and sharing options like giving ppl ur role using <prefix> share @user and unshare
	10. Birthdays system
	11. A nickname command attached with a specific role (staff cab change only their nicknames, admins can change everyone's nicknames, normal people cant)
	12. Other moderation and Utility commands 
	13. Commands that I may have forgotten to mention
I hope my instructions are clear that is all im gonna say you can start working on it now